Document supported cable-drivers (#325)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/architecture/gateway-engine/_index.en.md

that maintains the tunnels. The following implementations are available:

* an IPsec implementation using [strongSwan](https://www.strongswan.org/) (via the

>   [goStrongswanVici](https://github.com/bronze1man/goStrongswanVici) library). This is currently the default;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [goStrongswanVici](https://github.com/bronze1man/goStrongswanVici) library). This is currently the default.
```

  [goStrongswanVici](https://github.com/bronze1man/goStrongswanVici) library);
  this is currently the default;

> * an IPsec implementation using [Libreswan](https://libreswan.org/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* an IPsec implementation using [Libreswan](https://libreswan.org/).
```

* an implementation for [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/) (via the [wgctrl](https://github.com/WireGuard/wgctrl-go) library).

The cable driver can be specified via the `--cable-driver` flag while joining a cluster using `subctl`. For more information, please refer
to the [`subctl` guide](../../deployment/subctl/).

{{% notice note %}}

> WireGuard needs to be installed on Gateway nodes. For installation instructions see [here](https://www.wireguard.com/install/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WireGuard needs to be installed on Gateway nodes. See the [WireGuard installation instructions](https://www.wireguard.com/install/).
```
